These are the backing of the four major families
Qin Nian of the Qin Family, the richest man in Jiangnan
The King of Jade, Gu Qingyue of the Gu family
Daiyun Mountain, the home of a hundred mines
Shen Niu of the Shen family, the real estate overlord in Jiangnan
It's a pity that the beauty is dead
But you were fortunate enough to meet some of my ladies
The 9-day return needle can only be used after intentional cleansing
Ladies are offended
It's done.
Master, all four have been cured
Next laboratory
The next test is to marry them
Marry them
That's right, this child is destined
Life must die
Now tonight is your best match
But the truth
I'm already married.
No kidding about your last marriage
I have a very good relationship with newcomers
I wasn't kidding.
The heart of marriage is not the word, it is your destiny slave
You'll know later
You get out of jail first
But the marriage contract cannot be returned.
Ci Yupei Education
He represents the new lord of Kunlun
What happened?
Master, the position of the master of Kunlun
I think it's still
master